this is a sketchpad I'm your boy Musa
and in three minutes this iguana can be
yours
[Music]
yes
join iguana I like to start with the
mouth their nostrils shoot head the
wide-set eyes don't wanna handle his
mouth open what they do have a shop
sanity
[Music]
see
shops are closed maybe use for climbing
walk
[Music]
they're coming down throw a towel
the tow actually help them swim now when
adding their skills
do a couple MS Medusa making nice and
spiky almost like the clothes
[Music]
he told me
an iguana in three minutes just saw this
amazing footage of this baby going out
running away from unloaded snakes but
this iguana yeah when it's a nobody
start off with a little snake underneath
his sharp nose he's gonna name girl by
industry - LS your tongue hanging out
there crosses on eyes cause he's passed
out got another one over here try and be
loose for the shape and its own power
lines now we're gonna move on to tell
when I hadn't landed me like a wish that
my situation
these snakes have messed with the wrong
iguana
Tao take that snake snakes fly-in
everywhere just one easy snake these
don't need to add a head just had to
tell flying out your bear extra and
huapi looking colder King Cole fill in
these clothes real quick give it that
give it that extra edge and as we
mentioned earlier these clothes are very
good for rock climbing
nice solid rock a snake on top of it all
passed out
some rocks represent likes and give you
a little bit more depth okay that's it
an iguana taking the fight to the snakes
Wow
[Music]
want to see more creature chaos check
out the BBC earth kids channel for more
sketchpad pics